Clarify IoA wording in Copy-Paste augmentation documentation (#25528)
ultralytics/ultralytics: docs/en/guides/yolo-data-augmentation.md

- **Ultralytics' implementation**: [CopyPaste](../reference/data/augment.md#ultralytics.data.augment.CopyPaste)
- **Note**:
    - As pictured in the gif below, the `copy_paste` augmentation can be used to copy objects from one image to another.

>     - Once an object is selected for copying, its IoA is computed against all objects already present in the target image, regardless of `copy_paste_mode`. The object is pasted only if all IoA values are below `0.3` (30%); it is not pasted if any IoA value is `0.3` or higher.

Reviewer: 💡 **MEDIUM**: This describes the IoA as belonging to the selected object, but `CopyPaste.get_params()` calls `bbox_ioa(instances2.bboxes, instances.bboxes)`, whose denominator is the area of each existing target-image box. Thus the candidate is rejected when it covers 30% or more of *any target object's area*, not when 30% of the copied object's area overlaps a target object. This distinction changes the outcome for objects of different sizes.

**Suggested change:**
```suggestion
    - Once an object is selected for copying, its intersection with every object already present in the target image is divided by the area of the target object, regardless of `copy_paste_mode`. The object is pasted only if every resulting IoA value is below `0.3` (30%); it is not pasted if any value is `0.3` or higher.
```
